README.md, before:

# klog wrapper of zap

inspired by [istio/klog](https://github.com/istio/klog).

## usage

import this package by `github.com/xial-thu/klog`

initialization: for example, in main.go
```golang
    // Unchanged
	klog.InitFlags(nil)
	flag.StringVar(&kubeconfig, "kubeconfig", "", "path to Kubernetes config file")
	flag.Parse()

    // Append a new API
	klog.Singleton()
```

Due to some gaps between klog and zap, parameters shall be converted, and the conversion must be done after `flag.Parse()`. `klog.Singleton()` inits an unique global logger whose configuration is slightly different from default zap production configuration at:

1. `Timekey` is set to "time"
2. `EncodeTime` is set to `ISO8601TimeEncoder`

flags: not all flags defined in klog is supported, or rather say, not all the flags still make sense. Only `alsologtostderr` and `v` is supported currently.

* `v`: still supports `klog.V(2).Info()` syntax. But the level of `klog.Info()` is **INFO**; that `klog.V(3).Info()` is **DEBUG**. If v is set to zero, zap **DEBUG** log will be ignored. Default to **0**
* `alsologtostderr`: default to true

## limitation

1. default context is empty.
2. structured logging still needs modification in business logic.
3. support of flags needs more work.

Commit message:

fix: fix crash in unit-test due to logger uninitialized
if calling directly(usually happened in unit-test), due to logger is nil, it crashes. Add an init()
function to fix this issue.

README.md, after:

# klog wrapper of zap

inspired by [istio/klog](https://github.com/istio/klog).

## usage

import this package by `github.com/xial-thu/klog`

initialization: for example, in main.go
```golang
    // Unchanged
	klog.InitFlags(nil)
	flag.StringVar(&kubeconfig, "kubeconfig", "", "path to Kubernetes config file")
	flag.Parse()

    // Append a new API
	klog.Singleton()
```

If `Singleton()` is not called, the default global no-ops logger will work, which means you are not able to see any real log.

Due to some gaps between klog and zap, parameters shall be converted, and the conversion must be done after `flag.Parse()`. `klog.Singleton()` inits an unique global logger whose configuration is slightly different from default zap production configuration at:

1. `Timekey` is set to "time"
2. `EncodeTime` is set to `ISO8601TimeEncoder`

flags: not all flags defined in klog is supported, or rather say, not all the flags still make sense. Only `alsologtostderr` and `v` is supported currently.

* `v`: still supports `klog.V(2).Info()` syntax. But the level of `klog.Info()` is **INFO**; that `klog.V(3).Info()` is **DEBUG**. If v is set to zero, zap **DEBUG** log will be ignored. Default to **0**
* `alsologtostderr`: default to true

## limitation

1. default context is empty.
2. structured logging still needs modification in business logic.
3. support of flags needs more work.
